applications: nrf_desktop: Use watchdog0 alias in watchdog module (#13436)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Changed the term *flash memory* to *non-volatile memory* for generalization purposes.
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state` to use the :c:func:`usb_hid_set_proto_code` function to set the HID Boot Interface protocol code.
    The ``CONFIG_USB_HID_PROTOCOL_CODE`` Kconfig option is deprecated and a dedicated API needs to be used instead.
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_watchdog` to use ``watchdog0`` DTS alias instead of ``wdt`` DTS nodelabel.

>     Using the alias makes module's configuration more flexible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using the alias makes the configuration of a module more flexible.
```
Are we talking about a certain module or any module?

Author: `of the watchdog module` -> aligned :)

>     Using the alias makes the configuration of a module more flexible.

Author: Added
